.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" (C) Copyright 2017 Nathan Michaels <nathan@nmichaels.org>,
.\"
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH SMUDGE 1 "October 19 2018"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
smudge \- A tool to interpret state machines and automatically generate documentation and implementation.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B smudge
.RI [ options ] " file"
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B smudge
command.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics,
.\" respectively.
.SH OPTIONS
These programs follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
For a complete description, see the Info files.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
Version information.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show a summary of these options.
.TP
.B \-\-outdir=DIR
Output directory.
.TP
.B \-\-[no\-]strict
[DON'T] Require all types to match strictly
.TP
.B \-\-namespace=NEW
Replace namespace.
.TP
.B \-\-[no\-]nsprefix
[DON'T] Prefix all identifiers with namespace.
.TP
.B \-\-rename="OLD NEW"
Replace identifier.
.TP
.B \-\-[no\-]logevent[=EVENT]
[DON'T] Enable event tracing where EVENT is a fully qualified
<state-machine>.<event> name.
.TP
.B \-\-[no\-]logstate[=STATE]
[DON'T] Enable state tracing where STATE is
a fully qualified <state-machine>.<state>
name.
.TP
.B \-\-[no\-]debug
[DON'T] Generate debugging information.
.TP
.B \-\-c-no-debug
(DEPRECATED) Don't generate debugging information.
.TP
.B \-\-c\-o=FILE
The name of the target file if not derived from source file.
.TP
.B \-\-c\-h=FILE
The name of the target header file if not derived from source file.
.TP
.B \-\-c\-ext_o=FILE
The name of the target ext file if not derived from source file.
.TP
.B \-\-c\-ext_h=FILE
The name of the target ext header file if
not derived from source file.
.TP
.B \-\-c\-[no\-]smear
[DON'T] Generate Smear bindings.
.TP
.B \-\-c\-stubs
generate stub implementation.
.TP
.B \-\-dot\-fmt=FORMAT
GraphViz output format.  Options: Bmp, Canon, DotOutput, Eps, Fig, Gd,
Gd2, Gif, Ico, Imap, Cmapx, ImapNP, CmapxNP, Jpeg, Pdf, Plain,
PlainExt, Png, Ps, Ps2, Svg, SvgZ, Tiff, Vml, VmlZ, Vrml, WBmp, WebP
.TP
.B \-\-dot\-o=FILE
The name of the target file if not derived from source file.
.TP
.B \-\-dot\-no\-se
Suppress side effects from output
.TP
.B \-\-dot\-suppress\-nontransition
Suppress non\-transitioning events from output.
